Device assurance policy: update policies concept doc (#5259)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/policies/index.md

## Policy types

> You can configure policies for sign-on, passwords, enrollment, device assurance, and API access. You can also use identity provider (IdP) discovery policies to create routing rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure policies for authentication, passwords, enrollment, device assurance, and API access. You can also use identity provider (IdP) discovery policies to create routing rules.
```

Reviewer: ^ or sign on with no hyphen, if authentication doesn't work

Use the [Authentication Policies page](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-create-auth-policy) to modify an app's sign-on policy or switch to a different policy. See [Configure a global session policy and an authentication policy](/docs/guides/configure-signon-policy/main/). Also, you can [merge duplicate authentication policies with identical rules](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-merge-auth-policies) to simplify policy management.

#### Device assurance policies

> Use [device assurance policies](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/DeviceAssurance/) to check sets of security-related device atributes. Device assurance works as part of your [authentication policies](#authentication-policies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [device assurance policies](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/DeviceAssurance/) to check sets of security-related device attributes. Device assurance works as part of your [authentication policies](#authentication-policies).
```
